From 1.1 to 1.2

ClassCast exception in CpuInfoPanel

Remove some raw types

NOTE: Java 7 or later is required

From 1.0 to 1.1

Add application icons

Add desktop file

Update jkstat to 1.1

Update jfreechart to 1.0.17

NOTE: As a result, Java 6 or later is now required

Version 1.0

NOTE: Post version 1.0, new features will appear in v2.0 and later
which will require a minimum Java 7

Update jkstat to 1.0

Update jproc to 1.0

Version 0.63

Update license details

Update jkstat to 0.69, jproc to 0.12

Reimplement fsstat using ChartableKstat

Version 0.62

Update jkstat to 0.67

Add IOstatTable

Update jproc to 0.11

Version 0.61

Disk display shows number of disks and iostat -En output

Update jkstat, jingle

Refactor NetInfoPanel, SummaryPanel

Remove instances from SysItem

ToolTips in informational panel show the command that would be used.

SmfService constructor loses start time

InfoPanel gains addText() which is used for all text display

Add netstat output to explorer

javadoc essentially complete

Version 0.60

Removed pkgview, which is now distributed separately.

Removed deprecated subcommands

Version 0.59

Update jkstat to 0.63

Update to latest jfreechart

Update jproc to 0.9

Version 0.58

Remove unnecessary try/catch boilerplate from SwingWorker invocations

Update jkstat to 0.61

Fix jfsstat for jkstat 0.60

Update fsstat to leverage KstatSet

Update jproc to 0.8

New packagesizes subcommand, list files by installed size and number of
files. The clustersizes and metaclustersizes subcommands now also show
the number of files they contain.

Move revDeps out of PkgList

Improve jumpstart profile checking

Tidy up ClusterTree invocation and ClusterTreeCellRenderer

Filesystem package view shows the pathname when it should

SmfService gains getContract()

In the services view, service dependencies are a separate tab

In the services view, the logfile is loaded lazily on demand, as it can
be quite slow.

Services view uses jproc to show a table of process activity for those
processes in the given service contract

Java 7 compatibility: don't instantiate SolViewResources, PkgResources

Java 7 compatibility: fix getColumnClass()

Version 0.57

Update jkstat to 0.52

Added the json jar file

Tooltips for sparkline charts

AggregateCpuPanel supports vertical orientation

Tidy up InfoCommandList

More javadoc

Made the jsp pages work again, and minor embellishments

Handle alternate device entries

Show if a device is mounted

Show if a device is part of a metadevice

Show if a device contains a metadevice database

'solview cpustate vertical'

Version 0.56

Remove unnecessary static initialization blocks

Add pmd checks migrating,strictexception,braces

Cut out unnecessary setLayout() calls

Clean up popup menus

Clean up InfoPanel

Update jkstat to 0.43

Update jproc to 0.6

localprofile can derived installed geographical regions

update jumble

Add getKstat() to SysItem, don't pass Kstats as attributes

SVMconfig a singleton

ZFSconfig a singleton

Clean up JCpuInfo, ProcessorTree

Clean up DiskInfoPanel

Clean up DevicePath

ProcessorTree and psrinfo subcommand moved back to jkstat

kmemalloc moved back to jkstat

Update jkstat to 0.44

cpu charts have the same colors as cpustate accessory

Explorer view: removed containing tabbed panes

Explorer: summary view at start, and if you select the root node

Explorer titles are more useful

cpustate actually gets its arguments passed to it

This cpustate can do charts, just like the one in jkstat

Zpool config parsed to find its components

Report if a disk or partition is used by a zfs pool

CDDL block everywhere

Version 0.55

Update jkstat to 0.42

JCpuState extends JKdemo, and has other nits cleaned up; related
cleanups in ProcessorTree and AggregateCpuPanel

Removed unused variables, from pmd unusedcode

Refactor shared code from JCpuInfo and CpuInfoPanel into ProcessorTree

kmemalloc now shows historical average at start, rather than zeros.

Jumpstart profile builder has an extra tab, allowing selection of
geographic region.

Clean up jfsstat

Modernize code in Mnttab, DevicePath

ZFS ARC panel not shown if we have no pools configured.

Updated jumble to 1.3

Version 0.54

Incorporate JProc 0.5, fixing a massive file descriptor leak

Clean up process view a little, now that the jproc process table can
remove columns

Version 0.53

Updated jingle and jumble.

Update jkstat to 0.41, add jstripchart

Simplify sorting in JKmemAlloc

Simplify sorting of disk partitions

Disks are sorted

Network interfaces sorted

Tidy up ProfileBuilder

Cluster and packages in a generated jumpstart profile are sorted

New localprofile subcommand generates a jumpstart profile that will
(approximately) match the current system

New missingpackages subcommand will report on missing packages that
should be installed to meet other packages dependencies

Automatically show and update profile when you switch to the profile
display tab

In the jumpstart builder, clusters get properly selected or unselected
if all their members get selected or unselected

In the jumpstart builder, checkboxes in the tree get updated instantly
when you customize a selection, rather than sometime later; and for the
package list

InstalledCluster now static

Removed option where solview shows a distribution media if supplied as
extra arguments: if you need to look at distribution media, then use
the jumpstart profile builder

Separate Installed and Distribution versions of Cluster and Package
panels merged

Use of PackageInformationPanel simplified

In RunInXterm, find where xterm lives

Sort psrinfo

Sort enhanced jcpustate

Sort services in jsp view

psrinfo -p now returns the correct answer, and psrinfo -vp is more
efficient

fsstat help fixed, and menu mnemonics added

implemented reset in jumpstart profile builder

Version 0.52

Tidy nits in call to KstatToolsMenu

Simplify SmfPanel

Simplify InfoPanel

Individual views reimplemented as subcommands of a common MultiView
class

Clean up RunCommand

Spring clean in pkgview

Patch readme displayed correctly (in those cases where it's displayed
at all).

Remove PatchComparator, implement Comparable instead, and for packages
and clusters so everything sorts.

Profile builder now allows recursive removal

Profile parser does a better job of finding the distrubution directory

Version 0.51

Update jkstat to 0.39

Explorer: handle zfs pools; snapshots handled separately

separate build script

Fix 32/64 bit mismatch for jkstat demos

pmd option for build

remove PackageToc

jcpustate refactoring

arcstatpanel refactoring

Version 0.50

Update jproc to 0.4 and jkstat to 0.37

Runs in 64-bit if it can and if necessary

Refactoring around PackageInformationPanel

Version 0.49

Cpus: need to sort threads

Prettify cpu accessory

Disk partitions in explorer view should be sorted alphabetically

pmd cleanups

Updated jkstat to 0.36

Updated swingworker to 1.2

Metadevices are shown as a tree

fsstat demo gets filtering

arcstat demo prettified, redundant code removed, missing help page
restored

Clean up SolarisPatch

Array loops generified

Filesystem view of software cleaned up.

ClusterTree refactored

html generation refactored

profile builder output doesn't wrap by mistake

Find the Product directory on our own - just point the profile builder
or solview at the root of the cd or jumpstart install image

Tree view is default when viewing a distribution

Processor view shows mpstat

Mnttab maps device names to filesystems

New DevicePath class maps driver instances (sd#) to disk names
(c#t#d#s#).

Explorer now maps instances (sd#) to disk names (c#t#d#s#), metadevices
to mountpoints, and generally tries to join the dots.

Updated kmemalloc demo to use new KstatAccessorySet

Fixed cpustate demo so it finds its resources

Version 0.48

Fixed solview so that the process view works (it worked in the
standalone explorer view, but not when called as part of solview)

Fixed the war file so that the services view works again

Version 0.47

Updated jkstat to 0.30

Updated jfreechart

SMF services much better at getting legacy script filenames

Explorer output tabular where it makes sense

Merged ContentsCluster into ContentsPackage

ContentsFileDetail fields now private and use accessors

Lots of minor weeding

FsstatTable Model doesn't fireTableStructureChanged when it shouldn't,
and doesn't implement isCellEditable()

Top of the explorer tree is the system name, not "Hardware"

Rely on default value initialization

Updated jkstat to 0.31

In solview, the tool and demos menus now have keyboard mnemonics.

Views have their own help

Incorporates jproc, version 0.2, for process support

Process entry in explorer view

Aggregate cpustate widgets

CPU charts; network charts

Version 0.46

SMF services now colour-coded

SMF service code much cleaned up

keyboard navigation in lists

Version 0.45

This list of changes now the right way up...

No more Hashtable; No more Enumeration

Added the solview system explorer - try 'solview explorer'.

Removed the distribution size code; I couldn't remember how it worked
anyway

Updated jkstat to 0.25

Can now parse and validate jumpstart profiles

More tidying courtesy of PMD

demos moved here from JKstat: jkmemalloc, jcpustate, psrinfo, arcstat

More informational commands

A few nits found by findbugs

Version 0.44

The jsp interface works again. It's obviously well tested, because it's
been broken for a while.

Extra informational commands: pkginfo, smbios, zpool, nscd

The individual panels of solview can now be launched in isolation. Try
'solview services', 'solview information', 'solview software'.

General code gardening - unused imports etc. Both manually and using
PMD.

Updated jkstat to 0.23.

Updated jfreechart.

Version 0.43

Services panel gives access to the SMF logfiles in /var/svc/log
(if they exist)

Latest jkstat (0.21) and dependencies.

Clean up for Indiana, which only has partial SVR4 package information.

Tree view of SMF services

Version 0.42

Profile Builder cleanup
 - Remove selection debug output
 - The add/remove button doesn't update when moving to a selected cluster
 - In the customize tab, show which clusters our dependencies are in
 - If we add then delete, the delete still appears in the jumpstart profile.
 - Get customize tab to reflect selection changes straight away
 - PackageInormationPanel should force customize to the right always
 - Create a (sorted) package list as well as a profile.
 - Rename mayBeUnselected to mustBeSelected
 - package lists can be collapsed into clusters
 - display partially mandatory clusters
 - more icons for partially mandatory clusters
 - enable save

MetaCluster now has includesPackage()

Mustn't remove a cluster containing mandatory packages (SUNWCced is an
example); in this case we just remove the packages we can.

Updated Jumble

Remove unused PackageJList

Version 0.41

Tree view of clusters shows graphically by means of a custom icon if a
package is installed or not, or if a cluster is fully, partially, or
not installed. When looking at a distribution in the profile builder,
read selected for installed.

Packages and Clusters can be marked as forcibly selected.

Use SUNWCmreq to mark packages and clusters that must be selected.

Display forcibly selected packages and clusters using forced.png

Clusters need to have list of dependants

Packages need to know their dependants

Show cluster dependants

PkgList - dependencies keyed by package object not package name

The dependant sets should be sets of packages not of strings

Removed use of Vector from pkgview

Add forced selection to package list

Jumpstart profile builder vaguely works

Version 0.40

Updated jingle to localized version

Strings extracted into Resource Bundles

Updated jkstat to 0.20, and jfreechart

Handle missing clustertoc (so it should work in zones)

Version 0.39

Integrated jkstat, so you can launch the jkstat demos from solview

Restructured the file layout, especially the lib subdirectory.

Added ClusterSizes and MetaClusterSizes, to show breakdown of the sizes
of clusters and metaclusters. They only look at the contents file, so
will only show data on what's installed - which means you really need
to have installed SUNWCXall for them to show the full picture.

Added sizes for clusters and metaclusters on a distribution. This is
slightly different to the above, and currently needs a helper file with
the compressed archive sizes.

Distribution layout now looks like the installed view, so is much
nicer.

Version 0.38

PackageInformationPanel more customizable, has separate Files tab

Start on packagetoc parser

SolarisPackage is richer, for packagetoc and jpack support

Added PatchComparator to sort patches

Added display of patches

Version 0.37

Methods to access pkginfo data

Refactoring of gui. 

Common PackageInformationPanel

Separate classes for package, file, and cluster views

Installed package view now a table like JPack does

Updated jingle.jar

Reverse dependency check and contents parsing now done in a SwingWorker

Version 0.36

Started on ProfileBuilder (but didn't get very far)

Clustertoc now read DESC descriptions, and PackageCluster and
MetaCluster store this information

Updated jingle.jar

Dependency menu option disabled after you run it, to avoid running it
more than once.

Added contents file parser back in.

Details added to package info

solview window a little bigger

Cluster installedStatus now an int, with another method for the textual
version.

Details added to cluster info

The solview command needs to allocate more memory to the JVM so that
contents file parsing can succeed.

Cleaned up PkgList - PackageJList is the JList representation of it, so
PkgList has no GUI code.

Removed Vector from pkgview

Version 0.35

Code jstyle clean
Replace StringBuffer by StringBuilder
Converted to Generics
Restructured to use Packages and Clusters properly
Lint clean
